lib: bin: lwm2m_carrier: update to v3.5.0 (#15569)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.7.rst

This section describes the changes related to libraries.

LwM2M Carrier Library
---------------------

> Many event defines have received new values. If you are using the values directly in your application, you need to check the events listed in :file:`lwm2m_carrier.h`
> As an example :c:macro:`LWM2M_CARRIER_EVENT_MODEM_SHUTDOWN` was ``13`` but is now ``14``.
> The most likely place these changes are neede is :ref:`serial_lte_modem`, where it  :ref:`SLM_AT_CARRIER` is relying on the value of the defines instead of the names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. toggle::

   * Many event defines have received new values.
     If you are using the values directly in your application, you need to check the events listed in :file:`lwm2m_carrier.h`.
     The most likely place these changes are needed is :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application, where :ref:`SLM_AT_CARRIER` are relying on the value of the defines instead of the names.
```
